End user seat proposal. (#861)
knative/community: elections/2021-SC-EU/enduser.md

---
title: "Knative Steering Committee End User Seat"
linkTitle: "Steering Committee End User Seat"
weight: 30
type: "docs"
---

# 2021 Knative Steering Committee End User Seat

## Purpose

This document describes the process for filling the End User Representative
for Knative Steering Committee. The newly elected representative will serve a
one (1) year term.

## Background

In 2021 we introduced one end user seat to bring more diversity into the SC
representation which is to be elected by the SC once the SC election was
completed.

## Eligibility

In order to be considered for End User seat, the company the user is

> representing must be listed in the [Adopters](../ADOPTERS.md) file.

Reviewer: Until we decided to donate func to Knative, I was considering running for the End User seat, since I assumed consuming the APIs was "end user" activity. It's a weird line to draw and not entirely clear where it should be drawn.

> representing must be listed in the [Adopters](../ADOPTERS.md) file.

Reviewer 2: @jberkus 
>The Adopters File contains companies who are definitely vendors, as well. Do we need to break out an End User section of that file first?

Good idea to add a column for to put "Vendor" or "End User"

> representing must be listed in the [Adopters](../ADOPTERS.md) file.

Reviewer 3: This was never addressed.   It's kind of a critical fail for the end user "election", since it makes the end user seat no different from the contributor seats.

> representing must be listed in the [Adopters](../ADOPTERS.md) file.

Reviewer 4: Agreed, being an entry in Adopters.md is not a sufficient criteria for being considered to be an enduser. (e.g. all vendors are mentioned in Adopters.md as well). 

Anything we can do to fix ? // cc @knative/steering-committee

> representing must be listed in the [Adopters](../ADOPTERS.md) file.

Reviewer 4: Before riding a merged PR, I opened an issue at https://github.com/knative/community/issues/917, so let's continue over there.

## Schedule

| Date         | Event                    |
| ------------ | ------------------------ |

> | December 6   | Announce the intent to select End User representative |
> | December 15  | All candidate nominations due by 0000 UTC (4pm Pacific) |
> | December 16  | Announcement of selection |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| December 17   | Announce the intent to select End User representative |
| January 26  | All candidate nominations due by 0000 UTC (4pm Pacific) |
| January 31  | Announcement of selection |

The one year term would be from February 1st, 2022 to January 31st, 2023
```

> ## Candidacy Process

Reviewer 2: You are saying to put this info in another file, and link to it?
Which file it would be?

> ## Candidacy Process

Reviewer 3: Er ... no?

I'm saying that everything below this line is unchanged from the SC selection process.  And it's not the process we're following.

> ## Candidacy Process

Reviewer 4: As we are one day before the announcement, are we ready to merge this PR ? Or should we update the schedule ?

> ## Candidacy Process

Author: I'm not seeing it be the same, I did notice I had screwed up and left one place untouched.

> ## Candidacy Process

Author: https://github.com/knative/community/pull/877
